Cloud DM egress ip address (#22056)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/migrate-from-mysql-using-data-migration.md

When using public endpoints, you can verify network connectivity and access both now and later during the DM job creation process. TiDB Cloud will provide specific egress IP addresses and prompt instructions at that time.

> **Note**:
>
> The egress IP range needed for firewall configuration will only be displayed during the Data Migration task creation process. You cannot obtain this IP beforehand. Ensure you have:
>
> - Necessary permissions to modify firewall rules
> - Access to your cloud provider console during the migration task setup

> > - Ability to pause the task creation while you configure the firewall

Author: ```suggestion
> The egress IP range for your firewall is provided only during the Data Migration task creation process, and you cannot obtain this IP range beforehand. To prepare, ensure you have:
>
> - Permissions to modify firewall rules.
> - Access to your cloud provider's console during the setup process.
> - The ability to pause the task creation workflow to configure your firewall.
```
